let's get a sneak peek at their next
location it's unbelievable the escort
cards are hanging on petrified trees and
they're done on one hundred-percent
recycled paper okay it's beautiful
absolutely magical the dining area is my
favorite room we are doing banquet style
tables seating about 50 guests per table
and we're using gardenias so it brings a
great sense of smell into the room and
so elegant we have hundreds and hundreds
of pillar and votive candles we are
using huge urns on the tables filled
with water and floating candles it's
almost all candlelight and everything's
in glassware so it's just gonna glisten
and really sparkle Thank You Jamie
during dinner we are serving three
forces guests will start off with a trio
of soups that are being served in shot
glasses we go from there into an organic
salad and a poached pear that has been
stuffed with gorgonzola cheese and
drizzled with balsamic vinaigrette the
main course is a deal it is a grilled
salmon and sliced hander loin the food
was better than I could have imagined
and the atmosphere was like Alice in
Wonderland it's just gorgeous it's in
the Jewish tradition to have guests
entertained the bride and the groom so
we're actually gonna have some of our
friends do singing and performing during
the evening seeing all of our friends
sing it was just amazing I've never seen
anything so spectacular
portion guess then go into the desert
and dancing room where we have a bad and
a decadent buffet of all different kinds
of desert
lexi has given me an amazing gift she
has renewed my belief in the fairy tale
of love and I hope that our guests walk
away from our wedding believing that two
people can really find each other fall
in love and live happily ever
no and I both have a very big speeches
so we decided to accompany dancing with
a room full of dessert the centerpiece
of our dessert buffet is going to be a
pate foot croquembouche prepared with
over 1,000 miniature cream puffs filled
with McConnell mousse and held together
with a caramelized sugar around that is
tiny strawberry shortcakes and array of
tarts and gold leaf crusted and truffles
we're going to be featuring miniature
ice cream cones repaired with different
sorbets the bride and groom are now
going to cut the cake oh my goodness
it's perfect it's perfect the wedding
cake is a three-tiered masterpiece with
fresh cow lowing shooting up through the
center we will be using a traditional
buttercream icing with a white cake with
lemon and raspberry filling
prepared with over 1000 miniature cream
puffs filled with the Connelly's and
held together with a caramelized sugar
around that is tiny strawberry
shortcakes an array of parts and gold
leaf crusted truffles we're going to be
featuring miniature ice cream cones
prepared with different surveys the
bride and groom we're now going to cut
the cake oh my goodness it's perfect
it's perfect the wedding cake is a
three-tiered masterpiece with fresh cow
lowing shooting up through the center we
will be using a traditional buttercream
icing with a white cake